Fix `selector-type-no-unknown` false positives for `rb`, `rtc` and `menuitem` (#8972)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/sour-carrots-create.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fixed: `selector-type-no-unknown` regressions for `rb`, `rtc` and `menuitem`

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed: `selector-type-no-unknown` false positives for `rb`, `rtc` and `menuitem`
```
